README.markdown, before:

markdown-latex-boilerplate==========================Use this to write a paper in Markdown and render it as PDF.    Step 1: edit the template.tex to your liking    Step 2: edit the example.md with your text    Step 3: make pdf    Step 4: enjoy pdf## CSL: Citation Style LanguageThe CSL files are located in the csl submodule.======Initial Author: David Caplan http://www.davecap.com/Build system extended By: Brian Khuu http://www.briankhuu.com/ (So it's usable in both windows and linux)* V1.0 - Now should be build-able in both linux and windows with consistant configeration system======# Requirements Follow instruction on installing pandoc in this link http://pandoc.org/installing.html . For PDF output, you’ll also need to install LaTeX. We recommend MiKTeX.# Building ## Configering the build systemin config text file `config.txt`, you may have these default entries	SECTIONS_FILEPATH=sections.txt	REFERENCES=references.bib	TEMPLATE=template.tex	#TEMPLATE=ut-thesis.tex	CSL=elsevier-with-titlesThis is what it means	SECTIONS_FILEPATH=		Holds a link to a file		that contains a list		of pages to join		REFERENCES=		Links to pandoc reference file		for the biography 			TEMPLATE=		Links to template file use by LaTeX			CSL=		Choose from a list of Citation Style Language		files found in ./CSL/ e.g. IEEE style.Note: * `#` are comments.  * You cannot have spaces in your key=value like `TEMPLATE = ut-thesis.tex` if you want to use `winmake.bat`, it must be like `TEMPLATE=ut-thesis.tex`. ### SECTIONS_FILEPATHThe file in SECTIONS_FILEPATH might look like this:```    example.md references.md```Where each file is entered in a single line delimitated by a single ` ` in sequence. The reason is because the build file is automagically copying the content from `sections.txt` directly into `$(SECTIONS)` in for example the pandoc build html command line: `pandoc -S -5 ...etc... -t html --normalize $(SECTIONS)`. (e.g. `pandoc -S -5 ...etc... -t html --normalize example.md references.md`	## Linux---	make preCreate build folder **This is always done before outputting a new build**---	make post@echo POST---	make clean	Remove build folder---	make pdfCreate pdf `markdown2pdf --toc -N --bibliography=$(REFS) -o ./build/example.pdf --csl=./csl/$(CSL).csl --template=$(TEMPLATE) $(SECTIONS)---	make latexCreate latex `pandoc --toc -N --bibliography=$(REFS) -o ./build/example.tex --csl=./csl/$(CSL).csl --template=$(TEMPLATE) $(SECTIONS)`---	make htmlCreate html `pandoc -S -5 --mathjax="http://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js" --section-divs -s --biblatex --toc -N --bibliography=$(REFS) -o ./build/example.html -t html --normalize $(SECTIONS)`---	make embedCreate embedded html `pandoc -S --reference-links --mathjax="http://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js" --section-divs -N --bibliography=$(REFS) --csl=./csl/$(CSL).csl -o ./build/embed.html -t html --normalize $(SECTIONS)`---	make epubCreate epub format `pandoc -S -s --biblatex --toc -N --bibliography=$(REFS) -o ./build/example.epub -t epub --normalize $(SECTIONS)`---	makeFalls back to pdf behaviour=====## Windows	winmake cleanRemoves the build folder---	winmake pdf	Builds a pdf file to ./build/ folder. Requires LaTeX.	---		winmake epub	Builds a epub file to ./build/ folder 	---	winmake html	Builds a html file to ./build/ folder ---		winmakeDefault to html output.======

Commit message:

V1.1
V1.1 - Just noticed that pandoc can now natively generate pdf files and
have thus removed markdown2latex command. Added pdf safemode which omits
template if anything goes wrong with it. Also updated the default
template to
https://github.com/jgm/pandoc-templates/blob/master/default.latex which
is the latest one that pandoc supports. Lastly builname is now definable
in config file. It was previously hardcoded in.

README.markdown, after:

markdown-latex-boilerplate==========================Use this to write a paper in Markdown and render it as PDF.    Step 1: edit the template.tex to your liking    Step 2: edit the example.md with your text    Step 3: make pdf    Step 4: enjoy pdf## CSL: Citation Style LanguageThe CSL files are located in the csl submodule.======Initial Author: David Caplan http://www.davecap.com/Build system extended By: Brian Khuu http://www.briankhuu.com/ (So it's usable in both windows and linux)* V1.0 - Now should be build-able in both linux and windows with consistant configeration system* V1.1 - Just noticed that pandoc can now natively generate pdf files and have thus removed markdown2latex command. Added pdf safemode which omits template if anything goes wrong with it. Also updated the default template to https://github.com/jgm/pandoc-templates/blob/master/default.latex which is the latest one that pandoc supports. Lastly builname is now definable in config file. It was previously hardcoded in.======# Requirements Follow instruction on installing pandoc in this link http://pandoc.org/installing.html . For PDF output, you’ll also need to install LaTeX. We recommend MiKTeX.# Building ## Configering the build systemin config text file `config.txt`, you may have these default entries	SECTIONS_FILEPATH=sections.txt	BUILDNAME=example	REFERENCES=references.bib	TEMPLATE=template.tex	# TEMPLATE=ut-thesis.tex	CSL=elsevier-with-titlesThis is what it means	SECTIONS_FILEPATH=		Holds a link to a file		that contains a list		of pages to join			BUILDNAME=		Let's you define the name of the generated file in the /build/ folder.		REFERENCES=		Links to pandoc reference file		for the biography 			TEMPLATE=		Links to template file use by LaTeX			CSL=		Choose from a list of Citation Style Language		files found in ./CSL/ e.g. IEEE style.Note: * `#` are comments.  * You cannot have spaces in your key=value like `TEMPLATE = ut-thesis.tex` if you want to use `winmake.bat`, it must be like `TEMPLATE=ut-thesis.tex`. ### SECTIONS_FILEPATHThe file in SECTIONS_FILEPATH might look like this:```    example.md references.md```Where each file is entered in a single line delimitated by a single ` ` in sequence. The reason is because the build file is automagically copying the content from `sections.txt` directly into `$(SECTIONS)` in for example the pandoc build html command line: `pandoc -S -5 ...etc... -t html --normalize $(SECTIONS)`. (e.g. `pandoc -S -5 ...etc... -t html --normalize example.md references.md`	## Linux---	make preCreate build folder **This is always done before outputting a new build**---	make post@echo POST---	make clean	Remove build folder---	make pdfCreate pdf `markdown2pdf --toc -N --bibliography=$(REFS) -o ./build/example.pdf --csl=./csl/$(CSL).csl --template=$(TEMPLATE) $(SECTIONS)---	make latexCreate latex `pandoc --toc -N --bibliography=$(REFS) -o ./build/example.tex --csl=./csl/$(CSL).csl --template=$(TEMPLATE) $(SECTIONS)`---	make htmlCreate html `pandoc -S -5 --mathjax="http://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js" --section-divs -s --biblatex --toc -N --bibliography=$(REFS) -o ./build/example.html -t html --normalize $(SECTIONS)`---	make embedCreate embedded html `pandoc -S --reference-links --mathjax="http://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js" --section-divs -N --bibliography=$(REFS) --csl=./csl/$(CSL).csl -o ./build/embed.html -t html --normalize $(SECTIONS)`---	make epubCreate epub format `pandoc -S -s --biblatex --toc -N --bibliography=$(REFS) -o ./build/example.epub -t epub --normalize $(SECTIONS)`---	makeFalls back to pdf behaviour=====## Windows	winmake cleanRemoves the build folder---	winmake pdf	Builds a pdf file to ./build/ folder. Requires LaTeX.	---		winmake epub	Builds a epub file to ./build/ folder 	---	winmake html	Builds a html file to ./build/ folder ---		winmakeDefault to html output.======
