Pandoc Markdown-Latex Boilerplate
==========================

* Forked from earlier work by:
  * Initial Author: David Caplan http://www.davecap.com/
  * Extended Author: Brian Khuu http://www.briankhuu.com/

Use this to write a paper in Markdown and render it using the Pandoc engine.

 *   Step 0: [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) or [fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository
 *   Step 1: write your document(s) using [ Pandoc ](http://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html) Markdown and save them in the `source` directory
 *   Step 2: edit the \_CONFIG.txt and \_SECTIONS.txt files as appropriate (see below)
 *   Step 3: run make from the command line (`make pdf` in linux)(`winmake pdf` in windows)
 *   Step 4: enjoy pdf

**QUICKSTART for windows users: double-click on `winmake.bat`**


------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Requirements

 Follow instruction on installing pandoc in this link http://pandoc.org/installing.html . For PDF output, you’ll also need to install LaTeX. We recommend MiKTeX.

 You also need to install the content of https://github.com/citation-style-language/styles into the csl if you want to fully ultilize csl. You can update them as follows:

 ``$ git submodule update``

# Building

## Configering the build system

Edit the configuration file `_CONFIG.txt`, which contains the following defaults:

```makefile
BUILDNAME=dissertation
OUTPUT_FOLDER=output
REFS=references.bib
TEMPLATE=cuny
DOCX_TEMPLATE=
ODT_TEMPLATE=
CSL=chicago-author-date
PANDOC_OPTIONS=--dpi=600 --latex-engine=xelatex --filter pandoc-tablenos --filter pandoc-fignos --filter pandoc-citeproc
```

You can customize the configuration variables as follows:

- ``BUILDNAME=``
  Set the name of the output file (e.g., dissertation.pdf)
- ``OUTPUT_FOLDER=``
  Set the name of the output folder within the current directory
- ``REFS=``
  The name of the bibliography file (.bib) for Pandoc to use. This file should be stored in the `source` directory.
- ``TEMPLATE=``
  The name of the template file to use from the `templates` directory. 
- ``DOCX_TEMPLATE`` and ``ODT_TEMPLATE=``
  If you want to output to a .docx or .odt file, be sure that you have a template document with the appropriate extension (e.g., `cuny.docx`)
- ``CSL=``
  Choose from a list of Citation Style Language files found in ./csl/ e.g. IEEE style.
- ``PANDOC_OPTIONS=``
  Options to pass directly to Pandoc. See the Pandoc documentation for more information. By default, this script includes the [pandoc-tablenos](https://github.com/tomduck/pandoc-tablenos), [pandoc-fignos](https://github.com/tomduck/pandoc-fignos), and pandoc-citeproc filters.


Notes:
 * `#` are comments.
 * You cannot have spaces in your key=value like `TEMPLATE = ut-thesis.tex` if you want to use `winmake.bat`, it must be like `TEMPLATE=ut-thesis.tex`.
 * If you open the \_CONFIG.txt file to modify it (e.g. notepad.exe), you need to close the config file, otherwise MikTex will come up with an error stating that the files are already in use.

### SECTIONS_FILEPATH

Edit the source file `_SECTIONS.txt`, which contains a list of all of the files to include:

```
    metadata.yml
    chapter1.md
    chapter2.md
    appendix_a.md
    references.md
```

Where each file to be included is entered on a single line or separated by a single space.

The first item should be your Pandoc metadata file (e.g., `metadata.yml`), which contains the information to be included in the front and back matter, such as Title, Author, committee members, abstract, etc., as well as formatting options.

The last item should be the references (or bibliography, works cited) document (e.g., `references.md`). This is a special file with formatting instructions written in LaTex. You can customize the formatting using your own LaTex styles for things like hanging indents, but the contents of the bibliography are generated automatically from your text and references file (`references.bib`). See the Pandoc documentation for more information.

### Metadata

Be sure to edit the `metadata.yml` file in the `source` directory. See the Pandoc documentation for more information, and refer to the `cuny.tex` template to see what some of the options do.


## CSL: Citation Style Language

The CSL files are located in the csl submodule.

## Linux/OS X

	make [targets]

### Optional targets

- ``pdf``: Produces a PDF
- ``html``: Produce an HTML file
- ``epub``: Produce an epub eBook
- ``embed``: Produce an embedded HTML document
- ``all``: Produce all of the above
- ``clean``: Delete the output directory and all of its contents
- ``viewpdf``: Automatically open the PDF file generated by the `pdf` target
- ``viewhtml``: Automatically open the HTML file generated by the `html` target

**Example**

``make pdf viewpdf``

Will generate a PDF and then automatically open it.

**Default target**: `make` with no arguments will generate a PDF.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Windows

**Just double click on `winmake.bat` and type pdf or pdf-safemode if pdf doesn't work. Else choose html.**

---

	winmake clean

Removes the build folder

---

	winmake pdf

Builds a pdf file to ./build/ folder. Requires LaTeX.

---

	winmake pdf-safemode

Builds a pdf file to ./build/ folder. Requires LaTeX. Ignores template and CSL settings.

---

	winmake epub

Builds a epub file to ./build/ folder

---

	winmake html

Builds a html file to ./build/ folder

---

	winmake

Opens up a prompt.

---


------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Tips and Tricks

### Using makefile in windows

You are not restricted to using winmake.bat in windows. If you install git for windows from http://www.git-scm.com/ in addition to the make program in http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm (Also add the program to path). This is since a copy of git will include a Git Bash Shell, which will support unix commands like `cat` etc... .

For your convenience, a copy of make.exe (As of 25 November 2006) is included. [Being GPLed its source code is also in the website.](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm).

### Opening Windoww commandline in the right directly quickly

SHIFT+RIGHT_CLICK on your folder in windows will display an extra entry in the dropdown saying "Open Command Window Here". This will save you lots of time. Or you can make a batch file like `buildpdf.bat` that contains `winmake pdf`.

